Ingredients

4 boneless, skinless chicken breast cutlets, about 4 oz. each.
1 large sweet onion (peeled and chopped).
2 cloves garlic (peeled and crushed).
2 tbsp olive oil.
½ cup all-purpose flour.
2 tbsp butter.
½ cup dry sherry.
2 lemons.
2 tbsp capers.
1 cup chicken stock or broth.
2 Tbsp Italian parsley (finely chopped).
Kosher salt to taste.


Steps to Make It


Squeeze the juice out of one of the lemons.
Set the juice aside. 
Slice four very thin slices of another lemon from the centre of the widest part.
Set those aside.
Stretch a piece of plastic wrap across your work surface.
Place the chicken cutlets on it.
Lay another piece of plastic wrap on top. 
Then, using a meat mallet, rolling pin or similar object.
Flatten the chicken breasts between the layers of plastic wrap until they are about ¼ inch thick.
In a shallow baking dish or even a plate, combine the flour.
In a shallow baking dish or even a plate, combine the salt.
Heat a heavy bottomed sauté pan over medium-high heat for a minute.
Then add the olive oil.
Heat for another 30 seconds or so.
Add the onion to the pan. 
Add the garlic to the pan. 
Saute until the onion is slightly translucent about 3 minutes. 
Remove the onion from the pan.
Remove the garlic from the pan.
Set them aside.
Add the butter to the pan 
Let it heat until it turns foamy.
Now dredge both sides of the chicken breast fillets in the flour mixture. 
Shake off any excess flour.
Add them, one at a time, to the hot pan. 
Cook 2 to 3 minutes per side or until they are nicely browned. 
Remove them from the pan and set aside on a plate.
Covered with foil, while you make the sauce.
Add the stock or broth to the pan. 
Add sherry to the pan
Add lemon juice to the pan.
Add capers to the pan.
Scrape off any floury bits from the bottom of the pan. 
Then return the onion-garlic mixture to the pan.
Heat it through.
Adding a bit more oil or butter if necessary.
Return the chicken to the pan. 
Bring the liquid to a boil.
Then lower it to a simmer.
Cook for about 3 minutes or until one-third of the mixture evaporate. 
Add the chopped parsley just at the end of the cooking.
With a pair of tongs, remove the chicken breasts.
Plate them. 
Adjust the seasoning on the sauce with Kosher salt. 
Adjust the seasoning on the sauce with lemon juice.
Sauce generously, top each portion with a lemon slice. 
Serve immediately.