Tools

Case.
Radiator.
Cooling block.
Pump.
Reservoir.
Barb fittings.
Tubing.
Clamps.
Liquid.


Steps 

First, attach the reservoir, radiator, pump, and motherboard to the empty case. 
Mount the reservoir into a free 5.25-inch drive bay, and position the radiator to straddle the 120mm fan on the roof of the case. 
The pump is small, but lacks mounting screws, so use some Velcro tape to keep it snug and secure at the base of our 5.25-inch drive bays.
Attach the tubing to the cpu water block before you mount it onto the motherboard. 
The 7/16-inch tubing we chose for our 1/2-inch barbs is going to prove its worth here. 
Once you've attached the 1/2-inch barbs to the block, slide the tubing onto the protruding ends. 
It will take a fair bit of effort, but you will be hard-pressed to find a tighter seal. If you can not quite get the tubing around the barb, try heating the end with a blow dryer. 
Once you have a tight seal around the barbs on your cpu block, mount the block onto your motherboard.
The next step is to get that tubing connected to our pump. 
Attach a pair of barbs to the inlet and outlet ends of the pump.
Guide the tubing from the cpu water block down to the pump, taking care to bend the tubing as little as possible.
Once you have gauged an appropriate length that leaves a fair bit of flexing room, use a sharp blade to cut the tubing, and then attach it to one end of the pump.
We will repeat this step to connect the pump to the reservoir, the reservoir to the radiator, and then back to the cpu.
Grab the power supply, and look at the large 24 or 20 pin atx connector. 
We are interested only in the solitary green one, and in one of the many black ones.
We are going to be closing the circuit, much like the motherboard switch would. we are using a paper clip.
Fill your reservoir with distilled water; to prevent spillage, you may need to slide it outside of your case a bit or pour the water via a funnel.
Be sure that the only thing connected to the power supply is the pump. 
Bend your paper clip into a "U" shape, and slide one end into the green wire's connector, and the other into a black wire's connector.
Flip the power supply switch on, and it should hum to life, triggering the pump, which will begin circulating water. 
Once your reservoir is half empty, turn off the power, and fill up the reservoir again.
Turn the power on again and observe your machine. 
If water is circulating and your parts are still dry after running for a while, you are done.
