Ingredients

3/4 cup (90 g) of flour.
3/4 teaspoon (3.45 g) of baking powder.
4 large apples, any variety.
2 eggs, room temperature.
3/4 cup (170 g) of granulated sugar.
A pinch of salt.
1/2 teaspoon (2.5 mL) of vanilla extract.
1/2 cup (120 mL) of unsalted butter, melted.

Steps to Make It

Grease the cake pan.
Flour the cake pan.
Preheat the oven to 350 ¡F (177 ¡C). 
You should use an 8 inch (20 cm) springform pan, which has removable sides. 
Use margarine or butter to grease the pan before flouring it to prevent the cake from sticking.
Melt the butter.
You can melt the butter in the microwave or on the stovetop.
Allow it to cool.
Let it come to room temperature before you incorporate it with the other ingredients.
Stir the dry ingredients in a small bowl.
Sift the flour into a bowl.
Sift salt into a bowl.
Sift baking powder into a bowl.
Whisk them together.
Prepare the apples. 
Use a knife or a vegetable peeler to peel the apples.
Then remove their cores. 
Slice the apples into bite-sized chunks (about 1/2 inch (1.3 cm) cubes).
Blend the wet ingredients. 
Use a hand or stand mixer to cream the sugar. 
Use a hand or stand mixer to cream butter. 
Then, add the eggs one by one.
Mixing the batter in between. 
Then, incorporate the vanilla into the batter.
Add the dry mixture to the wet mixture. You can do this by hand or use an electric mixer. 
Stir until the batter is smooth and creamy.
Fold in the apples. 
Use a spatula to gently incorporate the apples into the batter. Don't overmix the batter, since this will result in a dense, stiff cake.
To keep the apples from sinking to the bottom of the bowl.
Cover them in flour before adding them to the batter.
Pour the batter into the pan. 
Use the spatula to smooth the top of the batter so it's even.
Bake the cake for about 50 minutes. 
Put the cake pan on a baking sheet to keep your oven clean in case of spills. 
Rotate the cake pan 180 degrees after 25 minutes. 
The cake is ready when the top is golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean.

