Ingredients

One whole chicken, about 4 to 5 pounds.
A roasting pan with a rack.
Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Butter for rubbing the chicken skin.
Carrots, celery, and onion.
About 2 cups of chicken stock or broth.
1 Tablespoon each of butter and flour for thickening the gravy.
An instant-read thermometer for testing the temperature of the chicken.
A mesh strainer, for straining the gravy.
Optional: Garlic, fresh herbs and citrus fruits such as lemons or oranges.
Optional: About three feet of kitchen twine for trussing.


Steps to Make It

Heat your oven to 425 F.
Remove the neck and giblets from the chicken's body cavity and pat the bird dry, inside and out, with paper towels.
Smear the outside and inside of the chicken with butter, then season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper both inside and out.
Truss the chicken securely with cooking twine. This step is optional, but it will help your roasted chicken cook more evenly.
Roughly chop about half an onion and a single celery stalk and a single medium carrot. 
Scatter these chopped vegetables at the bottom of a roasting pan. 
Set a roasting rack over the chopped vegetables and place the chicken breast-side-up on the rack.
Put the roasting pan into the oven. 
After the chicken has roasted for an hour and 15 minutes, check the temperature with an instant-read thermometer inserted into the deepest part of the thigh.
The thermometer should read at least 165 F. 
When the chicken is done, remove the roasting pan from the oven, carefully lift out the rack with the roasted chicken on it and put the bird on a clean cutting board.
Let it rest there for 20 minutes, uncovered.
Place the roasting pan with the roasted vegetables on the stovetop.
Add a tablespoon of butter and heat over medium heat until the butter melts.
Add a tablespoon of flour and stir to form a paste. 
Now pour about 2 cups of chicken stock or broth into the pan and stir to combine. 
Bring to a simmer over medium heat until reduced and thickened.
Now strain the gravy through a mesh strainer and season it to taste with kosher salt and black pepper. 